---
title: Release Notes v0.1.0
menu:
  main:
    parent: 'remote-development'
    weight: 170

weight: 170
---

## New Features

* Added `init` command which initialises a remote environment using a token generated by the Continuous Pipe UI. If the initialization process is interrupted and restarted by default it will continue where it left, but you can use `--reset` to force it to start from the beginning.

* Added `push` (aka `sync`) command which will sync files and folders to the remote container.

* Added `pods` (aka `checkconnection`) command which lists the pods available for the environment

* In order to keep the cluster credentials secret, all communications to the cluster will go through the cp kubernetes proxy by default. You can still use a direct communication by editing the `.cp-remote-setting` and adding the cluster credentials.

* Allowing to override the remote path with `--remote-project-path`

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed the URL used in the update command as was pointing the wrong URL as it stopped working once the repository was made private.

* Fixed an issue that some user where experiencing when running the destroy and build commands in rapid succession.

* Fixed an issue where rsync was not deleting individual folder because its contained file where excluded.

## Other Changes

* The config has been split in 2, local and global. The global config is stored in the home directory `~/.cp-remote/config.yml` (on linux/osx) `C:\Users\{YourUserName}\.cp-remote\config.yml` (on windows) contains username, api-key and the urls for cp-kube-proxy and cp-authenticator cp-river-api

* Local config has changed: ~~.cp-remote-env-settings.yml~~ to .cp-remote-settings.yml

* Replaced the flags `--project-key` and `--branch-name` with a single `--environment` flag as the 2 flags where always used as a pair to form the environment
